# Copyright News
https://twitter.com/NewsCopyright
## User Story
As an archivist, I would like to create a convenient way to track changes in copyright law that may affect libraries, museums, and other institutions.

Copyright laws are continuously changing. As archivists, we must be educated on copyright law and copyright reforms. An understanding of copyright law is necessary for archivists so that they may understand the materials in their collections and how these materials may be accessed, displayed, and preserved. The challenge is that copyright law is changing. While understanding the sections of The United States Copyright Law is a foundation, laws are continuously being challenged, broken, and reformed. Therefore, we must have a way to track the changes to copyright law, as well as keep ourselves informed of current copyright disputes. 
### Research
In researching copyright resources I found many different channels available to those curious in learning more about copyright law. While the Internet offers many avenues of learning, I found that an aggregated space for copyright education was unavailable. Among the helpful resources was the World Intellectual Property Organization’s guide to Managing Intellectual Property for Museums . The Society of American Archivists hosts the helpful guides Copyright and Unpublished Material: An Introduction for Users of Archives and Manuscript Collections  in addition to Orphan Works: Statement of Best Practices . While these guides are helpful, they are either very specifically focused on one aspect of copyright or are vague in their attempt to cover an umbrella of copyright-related topics within the archive. 
### Objective
Therefore, I have identified a need for a more inclusive aid to copyright education, one that has the ability to be continuously updated and open ended. Thus, I decided to build a database of copyright news, with special attention paid to copyright reform that may directly affect archives, museums, and libraries. I have taken the first step to building this network by creating a twitter page (https://twitter.com/NewsCopyright). Managed by myself, this twitter account posts and retweets copyright news related tweets. Tweets shared under this account will utilize different hashtags to gather specific types of copyright news. Some of the hashtags include: #CopyrightReform, #CopyrightInfringement and #FairUse. I will run routine searches of these hashtags, re-tweeting those that are worth sharing with the network, as well as add the hashtags to my own copyright news related tweets. In the long run, I would like to create a website to accompany the twitter account. This website would feature an interactive timeline of copyright reform and law changes that affect intellectual property. This website would be open source and would allow users to add or edit information.
